Module5.md, before:

# Module 5: Push the docker container to Amazon ECR 

Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR) is a fully-managed Docker container registry that makes it easy for developers to store, manage, and deploy Docker container images. 

## Instructions
1. Go to the [ECR Console](https://us-east-2.console.aws.amazon.com/ecs/home?region=us-east-2#/repositories) (You can reach there also by looking for "ECS" or "container service" in the list of services from the console home page and go to ECR **Repositories** 
	
1. Click on **Create repository**

1. Give a name, such as `<your-username>-monte-carlo-simulator` to your repo, then click **Next Step**

	<img src="images/create-ecr-repo.png"  width="90%"/>
	
1. In the following screen, you will be presented many useful commands. Start with the login command, copy and paste into the Cloud9 terminal:

	![](images/ecr-login-shell.png)

1. Now you are logged in, use the provided commands to 
	
	* tag your image to prepare it to be pushed 
		
		**note: change the default command from the console to match the image tag** `monte-carlo-simulator:latest` **you built in previous steps**. e.g. 
		
		```
		docker tag monte-carlo-simulator:latest <account-number>.dkr.ecr.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/<your-username>-monte-carlo-simulator
		```
	 
	
	* push the image to ECR 

	![](images/ecr-push.png)
	
1. Now if you check your ECR repository, you should see the pushed docker image

	<img src="images/check-ecr-image.png" width="70%" />

## Next step

Move on to [**Module 6: Create an IAM role for the container**](./Module6.md)

Commit message:

simplify pushing to repo instructions

Module5.md, after:

# Module 5: Push the docker container to Amazon ECR 

Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR) is a fully-managed Docker container registry that makes it easy for developers to store, manage, and deploy Docker container images. 

## Instructions
1. Go to the [ECR Console](https://us-east-2.console.aws.amazon.com/ecs/home?region=us-east-2#/repositories) (You can reach there also by looking for "ECS" or "container service" in the list of services from the console home page and go to ECR **Repositories** 
	
1. Click on **Create repository**

1. Give a name, such as `<your-username>-monte-carlo-simulator` to your repo, then click **Next Step**

	<img src="images/create-ecr-repo.png"  width="90%"/>
	
1. In the following screen, you will be presented many useful commands. Follow the commands (a-d) to login to the registry, build the container, tag the container and push to the repo. 

	![](images/ecr-commands.png)	

	
1. After the push succeeds, now if you check your ECR repository, you should see the pushed docker image

	<img src="images/check-ecr-image.png" width="70%" />
	
1. If you need to refer back to the push commands, you can find the **View Push Commands** button in the repository console page. 

## Next step

Move on to [**Module 6: Create an IAM role for the container**](./Module6.md)
